there have been a lot of folding phones
shown at events over the past few weeks
and these are phones that look pretty
cool like we've seen Samsung's Galaxy
fold we seen Huawei's folding phone
opposed folding phone and they look cool
but ever since the idea of a folding
phone has been presented to me I've
always been skeptical of how useful they
really are like the whole question of
why why do we really want folding phones
has been something just I never was able
to wrap my head around and the argument
of like multitasking right we've seen
that argument being made and Samsung
tried to show this at their event where
they had this dude who was watching a
video and using a chat application and
he's kind of switching between the two
and doing some kind of multitasking but
that whole scenario feels a little
contrived like no one's watching that
video and thinking hey you know that's
me that's what I've been missing in my
life I've always wanted a tablet like
device so I could multitask like that
but I saw this I saw this video and you
know I'll just let it play
right isn't that cool like I look at
that and my mind just started to spin
it's not because I'm huge on mobile
gaming like I know some people think
that mobile gaming is the future and a
ton of my favorite developers are
pouring crazy amounts of money into
mobile gaming which is a little bit
controversial but seeing that screen
open up and seeing the game transform
from your regular mobile gaming
experience to something that felt
fundamentally different fundamentally
better from everything else on the
market right now just it blew my mind
away I thought that's the future that's
something that I would want to play like
whatever that dude is playing right now
it looks like some kind of MOBA I don't
even care what he's playing I want to
experience that I want to know what it's
like to play that on a phone because
mobile gaming right now isn't a
particularly great experience even you
have the best Hardware out there like I
don't like a razor phone - or the asus
rog phone those are dedicated gaming
phones you still have the issues of like
fingers covering your screen and what
you're looking at it's just an
experience that never felt ideal to me
and developers have to work with that
right they know that your fingers are
the things controlling it and it's just
it's a nightmare mobile gaming to me is
just not a great experience but you look
at that Hardware now your control
interface was separated from the action
and the whole gaming experience looks to
be a lot better so I'm not saying like
ever should go out and spend twenty five
hundred bucks on a mobile gaming
experience certainly not but this was
the first like usage of a folding phone
that made me think that this was
fundamentally better this was
fundamentally different from anything
else we'd seen before and it made me
realize that I've probably been too
close-minded about the whole folding
phone technology like I've always
thought that it would be a future that
we could potentially have but right now
I feel like it's a much more likely
scenario because I can actually see
people using that technology in ways
that I just never saw before like if you
have a big foldable screen you could
technically use it like some bizarro
laptop with the keyboard on the bottom
and there's just so much more utility to
this foldable screen tech that we
haven't discovered yet I just want to
talk about one last thing is with the
pricing so when we look at these $2,000
price tags it's like such a turn-off and
it should be like these are supposed to
be insane prices because it's
first-generation stuff but give it some
time and if you like
the price has to drop like who knows
maybe in a few years we might have like
a 3 or $400 paco phone folding device
which would be crazy but I don't know I
feel like this that clip changed the way
that I thought about the whole folding
phone thing ok hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'm really curious to see
what you guys think about this because I
know there's a lot of you that felt the
same way like I did like who needs a
folding phone but does that kind of open
your mind does it make you think
differently about it let me know in the
comments below okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs we loved it see you
guys next time